Add Experimental Plugin Support for the Techdocs backend plugin (#16720)
backstage/backstage: .changeset/large-feet-wash.md

---
'@backstage/plugin-techdocs-backend': minor

> 'example-backend-next': minor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

We don't need a changeset for this package as it's not published.

Author: Gotcha

---

> Expose the techdocs-backend plugin using the new plugin system

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added alpha export of the `techdocsPlugin` using the new backend system
```
